we wish every hater
was were making money yeah we're making
a lot of money so they wouldn't have
uh any reason to complain about james
making money
it doesn't really matter how much money
you make or how much money you have
people are talking that i have
millions of dollars one to five million
dollars a year
the screenshot that people are sharing
around
that is evidence of this is a completely
uh baseless website with no fact
checking
and i can tell you how i know that 100
because i don't make anywhere near that
much money and i never have
um but i hope to that would be awesome
i'm not asking you for a
large financial contribution if it costs
20 to sub 20 is quite a bit of money
twenty dollars is you can get a full
meal for twenty dollars
and the difference of twenty dollars and
eating a meal is in that twenty dollars
why activists need to be poor yeah
or sad yeah people are making money in
so many ways
we activities should be well paid
and it doesn't matter how broke you are
if you have time to watch twitch
you have you have ten dollars truly if
you
don't have ten dollars you probably
don't have time to watch twitch we are
doing a
[ __ ] amazing job for for the award
we wanted to raise awareness about
plants when we kill plants
it hurts for them too and i think that
we should be
probably nicer to plants how are we
going to live and we'll eat food it's
like one of those like iv drips where
they
can hydrate you so we had an idea
since uh the haters and a lot of people
are saying that we should be donating
for sanctuaries that vegans should be
spending their money on sanctuaries
we decided to turn this page that is
already
being spread all over the bigger
community to fundraise for our favorite
sanctuary in greece
oh my so here we have some excellent iq
comments from the peanut gallery
this conversation sucks this is weird
yikes these are exquisite contributions
to a very good conversation and these
people in chat who are making these
comments
do not appear as immature childish
cheapskates whatsoever
and we have also set up another way for
people who want to give a gift if you
want to give a gift to our future
and to our wedding then feel free
awesome we would really appreciate it
of course no one is telling you to do it
yeah i know i'm telling you to do it
instead
of doing something good for animal
rights or for a sanctuary
do whatever you want with your mind it's
all good i'm unemployed so basically all
my money goes to bills
[Music]
it's five dollars it's really like
you're never
you're not gonna you're no one's gonna
convince me that what i'm saying is so
rude
or so unacceptable or so outrageous it
just simply isn't it's just it's five
dollars we are humans
we are reading your comments and like
it's not it's not
nice to read so many mean
and nasty comments about us be careful
too
about why you write on social media
because people are reading
is our reputation is our is our
wedding it's our wedding it's something
special to us
and it's not nice to keep spreading lies
or
i mean comments about us also we need to
say thank you
to everyone that subscribed to the only
fans yeah
you guys are awesome they're just
sitting here masturbating as hard as
they possibly can
as quietly as they can because their
parents are in the next room talking
about how disappointed they are in them
and they're like why would i ever pay
for this when it's just let's giving it
away for free
you're right buddy you're right i mean
really people like to disrespect my crew
but the fact is that you know my name
and i don't know you
with someone like james aspy it
does not even occur to him
to say how much money he's raising
and what the money is for
this is sort of mind-blowingly obvious
but james aspy is not the only guy who
engages in constant fundraising
while ignoring these bare minimum
requirements
the worst example in my mind's eye
is jank wieger of the young turks i've
heard
jank wieger say so many times
that he earns less money than you'd
think
he never states his salary he never
states how much money
he's making out of the young turks he
runs the young turks as a business
not as a charity no public
accountability and he's asking you for
donations
now how much money do you think jake
weaker makes you think he makes millions
of dollars oh well he makes less than
that
what he only makes one million dollars
it is just fundamentally absurd
immoral and ridiculous to play this game
with the public
and all you need to do is put up a
screenshot this is a screenshot i put up
i can tell you exactly how much money i
made this month from youtube
last month from youtube the amounts of
money are so close to zero
that of course it's not really worth
talking about and the fact of the matter
is
i'm not even campaigning for donations
and i'm not saying the ridiculous
immoral self-contradictory things
that james aspie is saying here now in
what sense
is it immoral if you donate money
you ought to know what it is you're
donating for
and how it is that money is being
spended why would you have concerns
about what happens to your money when
you donate to james aspie
you should have concerns one because of
what he doesn't
show you and two because of what he does
what you see with james aspie is him
going on vacation my catchphrase here is
permanent vacation but he's not on
vacation all the time but you see
photographs of him
swimming and being on catamarans
and going to the beach he's flying from
one location to another
he's eating out at vegan restaurants
you mostly see james aspy
in a state of self-indulgence
is that what you're paying for maybe it
is
if he were just honest about it if he
said that you were donating
to pay for him to go on vacation in bali
indonesia
if that were really the package he was
selling to his donors and donors were
you know consciously intentionally in a
transparent way
paying for that if you were just being
accountable
for whoever it is he's spending his
money going vacation about indonesia
i guess i wouldn't be able to object to
it i'd just be able to say
that his donors are stupid britain's
house of lords has been having
difficulty reducing its catering budget
of circa 1.3 million pounds sterling
part of the problem it was revealed is
their consumption of champagne
amounting to 17 000 bottles from 2010
to some point in mid-2014
house of lords has 790 members not all
of whom participate regularly
but we leave that aside the budget seems
to allow for more than six bottles of
champagne
per member per annum last year
here at the university of victoria more
than 5.3 million dollars were spent on
office supplies in a single year
i do not know if that number includes
champagne
don't believe me see the screenshot
below or check the numbers yourself
they're publicly available
as with the accounting for any charity
registered in canada
the problem isn't just what gets spent
but also reciprocally how austerity in
other areas is justified
while these levels of spending are
ongoing without really being susceptible
to scrutiny
uvic has an ojibwe language learning
circle 100
volunteer nobody gets paid but if you
ask the department of linguistics if you
could arrange to have a directed reading
course
independent study connected to teaching
yourself ojibwe
the answer is no because professors
don't get paid extra
to supervise those courses i do think
that a professor might be entitled to a
modest honorarium
to reward them for supervising students
in an independent language course
be it ojibwe or otherwise the trouble is
imagining
how there's any lack of money to provide
such an incentive
in an institution where 3.8 million
dollars is spent on
advertising 5.3 million on office
supplies
and so on it takes a lot of champagne
to get british politicians to vote and
it takes a lot of office supplies
to get canadian professors to teach
apparently
budget accordingly someone like
james aspie has become so accustomed
to living on permanent vacation and
calling it
activism someone like james aspie
has become so accustomed to
bottomless budgets with zero
accountability
zero transparency asking you for
donations and not even letting you know
how much money he's got how much he's
received in donations
much less what he plans to do with it or
what actually happened to that money
because sometimes plans go wrong
he is so accustomed to living with this
reckless
lack of accountability that he perceives
this
as normal he sees no fault in himself
whatsoever if you're one of james aspy
supporters
one of his donors please let him know
it's not normal at all